1.  CSS allows for a separation of style and structure,it improves efficiency of webpage.It gives
     flexibility to customize webpage.It makes webpage responsive.It creates an
     animation,transformation of an element.

2.   CSS has limitions in complex layout control.It has browser compatibility issues,Different web
     browsers may interpret CSS rules slightly differently.It has various selectors, properties that's
     why it takes more time and effort.It has lack of variables.With the use of extensive CSS styles or
     inefficient CSS selectors can negatively impact page load times.It has limited dynamic styling.

3.   In CSS2 there is basic properties like border,color,margin,padding etc.In CSS3 there are
     advanced properties to make website responsive like diplay-flex,display-grid,media queries etc.

4.   Selectors,Properties,Values,Box model,Typography,Colors and background,Layout and
      positioning,Transitions,Animations,Media queries,Flexbox,Grid.

5.   The opacity allows you to control the transparency of an element by specifying a value
     between 0 and 1.A value of 0 makes the element transparent,a value of 1 makes it visible.

6.   We can change background color of an element by changing CSS color value,hexadecimal
    code,RGB value.

7.   Image repeition of the backup can be controlled by the background-repeat property.It contains
     values like repeat,repeat-x,repeat-y,no-repeat.

8.   The background-position property is used to control the position of a background image with
     its containing element. It allows you to specify where the background image should be
     displayed.There are different values like left top,center center,right bottom.

9.   The background-attachment property controls the image scroll in the background.It have the
     values of scroll,fixed,local.

10.  Background and color should be used as separate properties to maintain a clear separation
     between the background styling and text styling of an element.This separation can give more
     precise control on each things.

11.  We can use margin property and by setting the left and right margins to auto, the block
     element will be centered.
  
12.  The CSS specifications are maintained by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).
  
13.  There are 3 ways to integrate CSS as a web page.Inline:it is applied in element/tag using
     style attribute,Internal:it is applied using <style> tag in <head>,External:create an external  
     file using .css extension and attach with <link> tag in html file.
       
14.  Embedded style sheets are konwn as internal style sheets.These are CSS styles that are
     defined within an HTML document using the <style> tag.With the help of this you can write CSS
     rules and selectors to style the elements in that specific HTML document.
       
15.  External style sheets are defined in separate CSS files with a .css extension.These CSS files
     are then linked to HTML documents using the <link> tag.
       
16.  Advantages:Consistent styling,Reusability,Easy updates,Browser caching.
     Disadvantages:Additional HTTP requests,Dependency on external file,File management,Limited
     inline styling.
       
17.  selector is a pattern that defines which elements in an HTML document should be targeted
     and styled.It allows you to select specific elements based on their tag name, class, ID,
     attributes,their relationship with other elements.
       
18. 'all','screen','print','speech','projection','handheld','tv','aural' media types are allowed by CSS.
  
19.  The rule set includes one or more CSS rules that define how specific elements in an HTML
     document should be styled.Each rule set begins with a selector that selects one or more
     elements,followed by a set of declarations enclosed in curly brackets {}
